The most valuable additional data for improving forecast quality would be stormwater and runoff-related signals at the beach or drainage-area level, especially:

Storm drain and outfall locations linked to specific beaches
You can find the City’s stormdrain infrastructure on the San Diego Regional Data Warehouse website. There is an interactive web viewer and files that can be downloaded. Look for the datasets named Drain_Conveyance and Drain_Structure.
https://webmaps.sandiego.gov/arcgis/rest/services/StormWater/SWD_Public/MapServer - This also has some of the City’s storm drain infrastructure.
https://www.sdbeachinfo.com/ also has a map that shows all the monitoring locations and associated storm drains in San Diego that are part of the Beach and Bay Program (our group isn’t responsible for all of them) and the website is maintained by the County.
The beach sites that we monitor from N to S are: FM100, EH340, EH330, EH320, FM080, EH310, EH305, EH300, EH290, FM050, EH280, CSD031, FM030, EH250
Please also note that some of the beach outfalls have low flow diversions associated with them that divert low flow stormwater to sewer.
Any measured or estimated drain flow/discharge timing
If we observe flow at the associated storm drains while collecting our beach water quality samples, we record an estimated flow rate and collect a field screening. Often, the outfall will be dry or ponded which we make note of. However, I don’t think this data gets uploaded anywhere.
Check out https://projectcleanwater.org/ to access the WQIP Annual Reports. They include the TMDL Bacteria Reports (and attachments) and most of the associated data. These reports list the bacteria results from the outfall and the receiving water, so you could run a historical analysis to see how many times each outfall had any flow.
Dry-weather vs wet-weather discharge indicators
Our team does not monitor outfalls associated with beach locations during wet-weather events and unfortunately due to budget cuts, we no longer test for bacteria levels at the outfalls when they are flowing during dry-weather visits. If we observe a flowing storm drain, we do a basic field screen (pH, temperature, conductivity, floatables, smell, color, clarity). If the flow rate is high or the field screen comes back atypical, we will follow the flow upstream to find the source and stop it.
Rainfall-runoff relationships or antecedent wetness indicators used operationally
Our team only monitors during dry weather so if we receive 0.1 inches or greater rain within 72 hours, we are not doing any monitoring. A General Rain Advisory is issued by the County of San Diego whenever there is a storm that has 0.2 inches or greater and lasts 72 hours after rainfall ends.
Watershed or drainage basin links for monitored beaches
You can see the City of San Diego watershed boundaries on the links I shared above (first bullet point)
Known chronic problem beaches, creek outlets, or discharge hotspots
Check out the 303(d) list of impaired water bodies. This is a list of waters not meeting water quality standards. You could also potentially download data from https://www.sdbeachinfo.com/ on historical postings and run an analysis on that.
Field observations that may not always make it into public exports, such as turbidity, discoloration, odor, trash, wildlife concentration, or visible runoff
These are field observations that we record each time we sample but it does not get reported to CEDEN. It’s kept in house and dates back to around 2018. Let me know if you would like it and I can export it to an Excel file. You can also find the data that does get submitted to CEDEN by checking the WQIP Annual Reports through the Project Clean Water website; they have the excel files that were submitted ad may or may not be more user friendly than CEDEN.
Advisory decision context, including why a posting or closure was issued and whether there were non-bacteria triggers
https://www.sdbeachinfo.com/ typically lists the reason why a beach was posted/closed (bacteria exceedance or sewage leak, etc.). You could pull historical data from the website.
Higher-resolution timestamps for samples, advisories, and field observations where available
https://www.sdbeachinfo.com/ has historical reports that have timestamps for samples and advisories.
Data that would also materially improve the website and user experience:

Beach-specific messaging or risk guidance you would want the public to see
Local terminology for closures, advisories, and caution states
I would reference https://www.sdbeachinfo.com/ and see what terminology they use for consistency.
Preferred confidence/risk categories for public communication
You could list the bacteria exceedance levels associated with recreation water levels for reference. Beaches typically get posted when bacteria levels exceed these.
Beach amenity or hazard metadata that helps users interpret conditions
I’m not sure if your model already includes these variables but you could also factor in:
Data sets from rivers, creeks, and streams, etc. USGS has all their flow data available for download for free.
Other atmospheric and oceanographic variables would be useful as well such as sunlight, swell, wind, tides, longshore current, etc. as those play a significant role in bacteria survival rates and transport from a discharge point.